Docs: Add `Potential issues with Jest testing` React docs section (#17032)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/angular.md

> * You can update Angular to version 18, where the `moduleResolution` option is set to `bundler`  by default.

Reviewer: Earlier, there was only one known issue, so it didn't make sense to add a subheading. But now, we have two known issues, so I would add a meaningful heading for the first known issue above, too. Something like: "Module resolution issues".

* You can import translations directly from our CDN, like: `import ‘https://cdn.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/{@var ckeditor5-version}/translations/es.umd.js’;`. This way, the editor will load the translations automatically, so you do not need to pass them manually into the config.

### Potential issues with Jest testing

> Jest is the default test runner used by many Angular apps. Unfortunately, Jest does not use a real browser. Instead, it runs tests in Node.js with the use of JSDOM. JSDOM is not a complete DOM implementation and while it is apparently sufficient for standard apps, it is not able to polyfill all the DOM APIs that CKEditor&nbsp;5 requires.

Reviewer: I know it's the same text for all frameworks, but I would tweak it a bit. It makes more sense for React.
```suggestion
You can use Jest as a test runner in Angular apps. Unfortunately, Jest does not use a real browser. Instead, it runs tests in Node.js that uses JSDOM. JSDOM is not a complete DOM implementation, and while it is sufficient for standard apps, it cannot polyfill all the DOM APIs that CKEditor&nbsp;5 requires.
```

> A better approach to test the component inside a fully-fledged web browser, implementing a complete DOM, is to use [`jest-puppeteer`](https://github.com/smooth-code/jest-puppeteer).

Reviewer 2: Are we sure it will work? Would be a bummer to propose something that is not working.

Author: It'll work only in one specific scenario - initialization of editor and trying to enter some text to it. Nothing more. It's why I'm not sure if we should place this section in the docs. It's like we polyfill few or DOM methods from hundreds used by editor in hope to make basic scenario to work.

Reviewer 2: I mean did we test `jest-puppeteer` works  without those over writes.

Author: Ah, nope. I was using it some time ago without any problems, but you are right, I'll confirm it.

Author: I removed it after all, while it's possible to test it using puppeteer, it turns out that it's harder to configure than setting up vite or playwright.

> If this is not possible, you can use the following mocks to make the tests pass:

Reviewer 2: It may not be clear where to add this.

Author: I added `beforeAll( () => {` and short info about placement below.

> beforeAll(() => {
> 	window.scrollTo = jest.fn();
> 
> 	window.ResizeObserver = class ResizeObserver {
> 		observe() {}
> 		unobserve() {}
> 		disconnect() {}
> 	};
> 
> 	for (const key of ['InputEvent', 'KeyboardEvent']) {
> 		window[key].prototype.getTargetRanges = () => {
> 			const range = new StaticRange({
> 				startContainer: document.body.querySelector('.ck-editor__editable p'),
> 				startOffset: 0,
> 				endContainer: document.body.querySelector('.ck-editor__editable p'),
> 				endOffset: 0,
> 			});
> 
> 			return [range];
> 		};
> 	}
> 
> 	Range.prototype.getClientRects = () => ({
> 		item: () => null,
> 		length: 0,
> 		[Symbol.iterator]: function* () {},
> 	});
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beforeAll( () => {
	window.scrollTo = jest.fn();

	window.ResizeObserver = class ResizeObserver {
		observe() {}
		unobserve() {}
		disconnect() {}
	};

	for ( const key of [ 'InputEvent', 'KeyboardEvent' ] ) {
		window[ key ].prototype.getTargetRanges = () => {
			const range = new StaticRange( {
				startContainer: document.body.querySelector( '.ck-editor__editable p' ),
				startOffset: 0,
				endContainer: document.body.querySelector( '.ck-editor__editable p' ),
				endOffset: 0,
			} );

			return [ range ];
		};
	}

	Range.prototype.getClientRects = () => ( {
		item: () => null,
		length: 0,
		[ Symbol.iterator ]: function* () {},
	} );
} );
```

Reviewer: I guess we want our code style in these snippets as well. I also might miss something - it's easy to mess up.

```

> These mocks should be placed before the tests that use CKEditor&nbsp;5. They are not perfect and may not cover all the cases, but they should be sufficient for basic initialization and rendering editor. Keep in mind that they are not a replacement for proper browser testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These mocks should be placed before the tests that use CKEditor&nbsp;5. They are imperfect and may not cover all the cases, but they should be sufficient for basic initialization and rendering editor. Keep in mind that they are not a replacement for proper browser testing.
```
